so I'm at work and the new kid he's
going on about how his computers crashed
I mean things completely jumped you know
and he says it's because of this new
virus oh yeah there's that new one
that's going around it's a bad one
exactly so I asked him how he got onto
his computer in the first place and he
tells me he opened an attachment he got
in an email well that was stupid you're
telling me I mean what a freaking retard
total fucking retard yep
yeah what a retard a frigging retard
sometimes we say things that hurt people
without even realizing it 10 out of
every nine North Americans suffer from
being friggin retarded being a frigging
retard is a condition that can affect
anyone at any time from people who play
the lottery to people who buy leaf
blowers anybody can potentially fall
victim to this debilitating condition
this means that chances are someone you
know is a freakin retard he or she may
be a member of your family or even
someone you elected to public office
so before you speak carelessly please
remember words can hurt please choose
yours carefully hey Earl huh it's your
calling you win
oh come on Manny you win Oh
Oh
Oh our fault ha read em and weep
two pair not even close you bunch of
retards
you